Chief Deity:

Aelek, the Goddess of Life, Peace and Water, is surprisingly plain, with dark skin, short, rippling russet hair, and eyes the color of tree bark. She is very tall and slightly plump, and usually has a guarded expression. She usually wears little clothing, dyed dark yellow and medium red.
She is also associated with keys, peace and business. She is often worshipped by the poor. Her vast flocks of followers can be primarily distinguished by the rites they perform. There are many statues of her near lakes. There are many myths involving her adventures with Paimeli. She is the wife of Thy. She is known to pose riddles to mortal heroes.

Other Deities:

Paimeli, the God of Dance, Pity and Night, is very beautiful, with fair skin, short, swirling flaming red hair, and eyes the color of forest moss. He is of average height and slightly plump, and usually has a guarded expression. He usually wears armor dyed white.
He is also associated with tricksters, famine and death rites. He is often worshipped by men. His numerous followers can be primarily distinguished by their ritual scars. There are a respectable amount of shrines to him in large cities. There are many myths involving his ill-fated adventures with Tan. He is the son of Sans. He is known to send visions to peasants who ask for aid.

Leachak, the God of Celebration, Seduction and Theatre, is almost plain-looking, with tanned skin, long, straight pale red hair, and eyes the color of shimmering crystals. He is surprisingly short and slightly plump, and rarely laughs. He usually wears leather armor dyed medium green.
He is also associated with evil. He is often worshipped by wanderers. His many followers can be primarily distinguished by their daily prayers. There are many carvings of him in meadows. There are many myths involving his epic battles with Sans. He is the husband of Sans. He is known to place challenges before mortal magic-users.

Tan, the God of Crossroads and Lust, is quite beautiful, with ebony skin, waist length, dark golden hair, and eyes the color of the green sea. He is of average height and somewhat muscular, and seldom smiles. He usually wears opulent robes dyed tan.
He is also associated with autumn. He is often worshipped by merchants. His surprisingly few followers can be primarily distinguished by their tattoos. There are many temples to him on lonely roads. There are many myths involving his many adventures with certain mortals. He is the brother of Aelek. He is known to have relationships with mortal villians.

Thy, the Goddess of Wishes and Wisdom, is shockingly beautiful, with ashen skin, long, flowing black hair, and eyes the color of lightning bolts. She is very tall and very muscular, and looks somewhat insane. She usually wears a cloak dyed brown and yellow-orange.
She is also associated with spring. She is often worshipped by the elderly. Her many followers can be primarily distinguished by the charms they carry with them. There are more than a few carvings of her at crossroads. There are many myths involving her tumultuous affairs with Leachak. She is the sister of Sans. She is known to help great mortal heroes.

Ilonses, the God of Dawn, is shockingly beautiful, with tanned skin, long, wavy black hair, and eyes the color of purple flames. He is medium height and somewhat muscular, and looks somewhat malicious. He usually wears simple robes dyed dark gold and light grey.
He is also associated with marriage. He is often worshipped by wanderers. His numerous followers can be primarily distinguished by the weapons they bear. There are many sacrifices to him on islands. There are many myths involving his one-sided relationship with Tan. He is the brother of Aelek. He is known to challenge peasants who ask for aid.

Sans, the God of Arrogance and Mercenaries, is surprisingly ugly, with very pale skin, shoulder length, straight light brown hair, and eyes the color of spring greenery. He is average height and very slender, and is always smiling. He usually wears armor and a helmet dyed beige and golden-brown.
He is also associated with names and whistling. He is often worshipped by warriors. His surprisingly few followers can be primarily distinguished by their ritual scars. There are more than a few statues of him near bridges. There are many myths involving his competetive relationship with Ilonses. He is the brother of Paimeli. He is known to give advice to distressed mortals.