Chief Deity:

Erichath, the Goddess of the Sea, is somewhat plain, with fair skin, waist length, flowing medium brown hair, and eyes the color of red wine. She is very short and somewhat muscular, and looks rather smug. She usually wears little clothing, dyed light blue.
She is also associated with joy and archery. She is often worshipped by the elderly. Her numerous followers can be primarily distinguished by the ritual greetings they use. There are many statues of her in meadows. There are many myths involving her illicit relationship with Cealel. She is the wife of Enat. She is known to help great mortal warriors.

Other Deities:

Enat, the Goddess of Marriage, Nightmares and Crossroads, is somewhat plain, with very pale skin, waist length, flowing auburn hair, and eyes the color of banked coals. She is tall and somewhat muscular, and rarely laughs. She usually wears chain mail dyed pale brown.
She is also associated with dance and dawn. She is often worshipped by nobles. Her many followers can be primarily distinguished by the holidays they observe. There are many altars dedicated to her at the edge of forests. There are many myths involving her lustful relationship with Idaekr. She is the sister of Cealel. She is known to give aid to distressed mortals.

Idaekr, the God of Solstices and Youth, is unusually beautiful, with pale skin, long, flowing white hair, and eyes the color of cold iron. He is very tall and willowy, and usually has a guarded expression. He usually wears armor and a helmet dyed dark gold.
He is also associated with seduction. He is often worshipped by village folk. His numerous followers can be primarily distinguished by their jewelry. There are many offerings to him in cities. There are many myths involving his great debates with Daendi. He is the father of Enat. He is known to occasionally mislead distressed mortals.

Cealel, the Goddess of Theatre, is very plain, with dark skin, waist length, flowing dark grey hair, and eyes the color of stormy seas. She is medium height and solidly built, and looks somewhat insane. She usually wears worn, ragged clothing dyed pale blue and gold.
She is also associated with mountains. She is often worshipped by clerics. Her many followers can be primarily distinguished by the way they conduct themselves. There are many offerings to her in large cities. There are many myths involving her mercurial relationship with certain mortals. She is the sister of Erymolea. She is known to sometimes place obstacles in the way of mortals seeking forgiveness.

Daendi, the God of Innocence, Night and the Plains, is surprisingly plain, with fair skin, short, light brown hair, and eyes the color of spring greenery. He is of average height and solidly built, and has a faraway expression. He usually wears simple clothes dyed burnt orange and blue-green.
He is also associated with forests. He is often worshipped by the wealthy. His numerous followers can be primarily distinguished by the holidays they observe. There are a large number of altars dedicated to him in military outposts. There are many myths involving his many misadventures with Enat. He is the brother of Erichath. He is known to help great mortal heroes.

Erymolea, the Goddess of Wrath and Nature, is very plain, with bronzed skin, short, straight flaming red hair, and eyes the color of deep pools. She is very tall and of average build, and is usually frowning. She usually wears armor and a helmet dyed blue-black.
She is also associated with truth and cities. She is often worshipped by priests. Her surprisingly numerous followers can be primarily distinguished by the symbols they wear. There are a few depictions of her in small villages. There are many myths involving her daring adventures with Enat. She is the wife of Enat. She is known to sometimes hinder charismatic mortals.

Isozacn, the Goddess of Cats and Arrogance, is blindingly beautiful, with bronzed skin, long, red-gold hair, and eyes the color of the blue ocean. She is tall and of hearty build, and is usually frowning. She usually wears light armor dyed dark red.
She is also associated with politics, sex and marriage. She is often worshipped by women. Her surprisingly few followers can be primarily distinguished by the symbols they wear. There are many carvings of her in military outposts. There are many myths involving her unhealthy relationship with certain mortals. She is the sister of Erichath. She is known to pose riddles to great mortal leaders.