Chief Deities:

Adessarea, the Goddess of Battle and the Sun, is unusually beautiful, with fair skin, short, red-gold hair, and eyes as black as the void. She is of average height and very muscular, and looks somewhat malicious. She usually wears rich robes dyed pale blue and bronze.
She is also associated with travel, secrets and lust. She is often worshipped by city dwellers. Her followers can be primarily distinguished by the rites they perform. There are a large number of offerings to her near rivers. There are many myths involving her duels with certain mortals. She is the mother of Adeaath. She is known to help mortals in dire need.

Gollon, the God of the Forge, is an exotic beauty, with pale skin, long, red-gold hair, and yellow eyes like a wild wolf's. He is of average height and slender, and often looks sly. He usually wears rich robes dyed tan and light grey.
He is also associated with cats, solstices and thunder. He is often worshipped by village folk. His many followers can be primarily distinguished by their hairstyle, keeping them short and slicked down. There are many depictions of him in large cities of old. There are many myths involving his epic battles with Fraess. He is the brother of Zakla. He is known to give advice to mortal heroes.

Other Deities:

Fraess, the Goddess of Thunder, is somewhat plain, with bronzed skin, short, straight flaming red hair, and eyes the color of the green sea. She is very tall and somewhat muscular, and is usually frowning. She usually wears a hooded cloak dyed dark gold.
She is also associated with summer, keys and the wind. She is often worshipped by commoners. Her few, but dedicated followers can be primarily distinguished by the symbols they wear. There are a respectable amount of depictions of her in large cities. There are many myths involving her enduring friendship with Ineanninn. She is the cousin of Adeaath. She is known to have relationships with mortal heroes.

Ineanninn, the Goddess of Passion, is an exotic beauty, with fair skin, waist length, curly white hair, and eyes the color of black opals. She is surprisingly short and of average build, and looks somewhat insane. She usually wears translucent flowing clothes dyed pink and dark red-violet.
She is also associated with luck. She is often worshipped by commoners. Her surprisingly few followers can be primarily distinguished by the clothing they wear. There are many statues of her in large cities. There are many myths involving her unhealthy relationship with Zakla. She is the sister of Adessarea. She is known to hinder peasants who ask for aid rather than trusting in their luck. However, she is also known to give luck to those that show their great passion in what they do.

Zakla, the Goddess of Strife, Witches and Dreams, is almost plain-looking, with brown skin, short, flowing pale red hair, and eyes the color of lightning bolts. She is medium height and solidly built, and looks rather smug. She usually wears stylized robes dyed gold and dark blue-violet.
She is also associated with the threatre. She is often worshipped by merchants and bards. Her many followers can be primarily distinguished by the magic they wield. There are more than a few temples to her near bridges. There are many myths involving her enduring friendship with Shaller. She is the cousin of Lear. She is known to pose riddles to great mortal leaders.

Adeaath, the God of Prophecy and Death Rites, is eerily beautiful, with pale skin, waist length, rippling dark brown hair, and eyes the color of golden sand. He is short and muscular, with a sombre look usually written upon his visage. He usually wears vestments dyed golden-brown.
He is also associated with light and winter. He is often worshipped by women. His numerous followers can be primarily distinguished by the ritual greetings they use. There are many sacrifices to him in the foothills of mountains. There are many myths involving his one-sided relationship with Zakla. He is the father of Ineanninn. He is known to send dreams to mortal warriors.

Shaller, the Goddess of Innocence and Joy, is extremely beautiful, with fair skin, short, flowing black hair, and eyes the color of new-forged copper. She is surprisingly short and willowy, and has a faraway expression. She usually wears rich robes dyed yellow-green.
She is also associated with fog, resurrection and sex. She is often worshipped by women. Her vast flocks of followers can be primarily distinguished by their simple jewelry. There are quite a few shrines to her in small villages. There are many myths involving her vast travels with Fraess. She is the mother of Lear. She is known to help virtuous mortals.

Lear, the God of Mountains and Disease, is shockingly beautiful, with copper skin, shoulder length, swirling flaming red hair, and eyes the color of shimmering crystals. He is very tall and solidly built, and looks rather smug. He usually wears formal attire dyed medium green.
He is also associated with dogs, the sea and fear. He is often worshipped by men. His few, but dedicated followers can be primarily distinguished by their secret language. There are a few depictions of him in most cities. There are many myths involving his duels with Shaller. He is the son of Adessarea. He is known to pose riddles to mortals seeking vengeance.